# Build an End-to-End Best Movie of All Time App

### Building a RESTful CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) API with Golang, Gin, and Gorm using redis for caching.

Create a CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) application that utilizes a CSV file and consumes
the TMDB APIs. This app is to seed, store, and sync the data in the attached CSV into the backend
application database and create a way to interact with it along with the IMDB APIs.

#### prerequisites:
**Docker**, **make**

#### Setup:
- to run the app execute this command: docker-compose up
- to run DB migrations get into the app container using this command: "docker exec -it {app_container_name} sh" then, run this comman: go run main.go migrations up then, execute the import endpoint to seed the data into the DB (the endpoint is documented using swagger in the docs folder) then, you can play around with the app using the api endpoints documented in "docs" folder
- the unit test coverage report could be generated by running this command: "make test"

#### Project Structure:
- boot folder does the dependency injection for the controllers creation passing every controller its dependency and then, it creates the router passing the controllers to it.
- cmd folder contains the configuration and creation of each terminal command we have, fo ex: we have the command that runs the API (HTTP Server), another command to run the dadtabase migration files.
- config folder contains the config of different dependencies like the DB config, Redis config and so on.
- definitions folder contains all the interfaces, DB models, and DTOs of the app.
- docs folder contains swagger API documentation.
- migrations folder contains database migration files.
- mocks folder contains the mocks of all the functions defined in the definitions folder, it is used for unit tests.
- pkg folder contains the implementations
- pkg/moduls contains the business specific implementations, for example "movies" folder contains the movies specific implementations like controller, service, repository layers alongside their unit tests.
- router folder assigns each controller function to certain url.
- .env file contains environment vars to be injected.

#### Things to be enhanced:
- more refactoring could be done
- better error handling
- more unit testing coverage
